In this coaching session that happened
during one of our live Q&As's, we meet a
woman who's really struggling with
allowing herself to be seen and to share
her story. And when we work, we find out
what's actually underneath it. And it's
not what you'd think. I'm like kind of
nervous.
Um, so, uh, something that I'm looking
to get more comfortable with is,
um, like sharing my story and sharing
personal information with people.
Um, I have been doing it a bit and
lately I've noticed that it like
registers as a really big threat in my
mind. How how much more comfortable do
you want to become?
[Music]
Um, completely comfortable.
Okay.
And how comfortable are you currently?
Um, from zero to 100%.
I would say I'm at like 25% and I would
want to be at uh I would consider 75% to
be totally comfortable. Okay, great.
So, you're
literally raising your hand in front of
some 200
people to do a what is clearly going to
be a deep coaching session. I mean, you
could pre prevent it from being a deep
coaching session, but I don't think you
would raise your hand unless you wanted
a deep coaching session that is being
filmed and is going to be distributed to
far more than these 200
people and that's 25%.
Well, I'm I'm definitely not comfortable
at the moment. So, Ah, okay. So, to be
specific, it's not that you don't do it,
it's that you're not comfortable doing
it.
Exactly. Yeah, I have been doing it
quite a bit. Oh, great.
So, what makes you need to be
comfortable?
Um, what if what if being uncomfortable
is the best way to share your story?
That seems
um like it makes sense.
Yeah, let's try it out. Um, give me like
a one paragraph story about yourself.
That's
uh he's got like a 50% charge.
You're sharing it to me, but you're also
sharing it to everybody.
Okay. So I
[Music]
um I have been running groups where um
I'm talking about addiction and sharing
some of my like perspectives and ways of
thinking about it with um anyone who
shows up. Um and I have personal
experience with people who um Great. So
what what's happening in your system
right now? Are you trying to overcome
the discomfort? Are you fully in the
discomfort? Are
you comfortable and discomfort's not
happening? What of those three things is
going on?
I feel kind of like
like sort of out of body experience.
Cool.
And is that is that is that what happens
when you're uncomfortable or when you're
trying to be comfortable?
I think when I'm trying to be
comfortable. Okay. So try to be Yeah.
See what it's like to like instead
there's this discomfort feeling in you.
I want you to like sit in that
discomfort. Walk right into the middle
of it and then speak from there.
like try to speak from not even try
speak from the discomfort rather than
from the desire to overcome it.
Okay.
[Music]
Um, so I
am
uncomfortable describing
um my own
experiences with
addiction. And
[Music]
um so when I
get speaking about what
um I want to share, I've noticed
that I won't say what I actually want to
say about it.
What do you want to say about
it? Stay in the discomfort.
Oh man.
Um, what I want to say about it is I
think that there's a lot of really
stupid, unhelpful things that people
recommend
and prescribe and
[Music]
um I'm kind of pissed off about the fact
that I was influenced by those things.
Yeah. Wow. All of a sudden something
[__] something just shifted.
Everybody could feel that shift.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um notice notice
something. So just you've you've
suffered the addiction. Is that correct?
Yeah. Yeah. Great. So notice that
there's a parallel
happening. What did you have to do to
actually get you through the addiction?
What did I do after after all you all
the bad advice you played with blah blah
blah blah blah. What was the actual
movement that was like that brought you
here today?
I refused to do anything that was
harmful to me.
Great. So that's what's happening now.
Okay. Holding back your truth is harmful
for
you. It literally it looked like you
opened the tap and you came out when you
started saying I think there's stupid
things that people tell you to blah blah
blah blah blah. Like it was like boom,
you were you were [__] with us. All
of a sudden I was with you. I wasn't
with your mask. I wasn't with the
trying. I wasn't with the trying not to
try. You're just right
there. You stopped doing harmful things
to you in addiction. I assume like you
popped out like the same way.
Yeah. Yeah, I I did.
Um
and it
wasn't taken well by many people around
me. Of course.
Yeah. Yeah. Takes a village to make an
addict.
Yeah.
[Music]
That one hit you. You stopped letting
that hit you. What? What? What? It takes
a village to make an addict.
Yeah, that made me kind of angry.
Huh. So that's the other thing I'm
noticing is the thing that's your truth
that you often don't speak has some has
some anger in
it. When you felt angry, you stopped it
right now. When you like when you did
pop out, you were just like I think
there's some stupid things. There's
there's an anger there.
Yeah, right. That probably was
suppressed as a kid. That probably
helped the addiction
occur. Even right now, I see that it's
being held when you were waiting in line
like in the you had this kind of like
[__] you, you're not going to pick me
like this is stupid whole thing going
on.
Is that what it looked like? Yeah. Kind
of despond a little despondent teenager.
That was kind of what it looked like.
Yeah.
Huh. Interesting. Yeah.
And then I talked about my wife and you
smiled like something lit up in you. I
was like, "Oh, there's something
underneath the despondent teenager.
Let's go find out what it is."
Huh. Yeah. Oh, there. What? What? What
just happened? Huh? What? What? You were
smiling. What just happened?
What's happening is the anger is turning
into sadness really fast. Yeah. But I
don't think that it's sadness.
It's all of it.
Beneath the anger that wasn't allowed is
a sadness that wasn't allowed. There's a
[__] joy that wasn't
allowed. It's just layers of [__]
There's just layers of you that weren't
allowed.
Right. Yeah.
That you are currently not allowing even
like in this
moment. You you got taught how to be
your own oppressor.
And you're learning how to break free by
telling your truth.
Yes.
Yeah. So, what's your truth in this
moment? What's your truth of this
moment? I don't care about the addiction
or anything. Like, what's your truth in
this moment?
Um, I am
um I'm enjoying this conversation.
It's a challenging conversation but it's
uh very
um invigorating.
Yeah. So even in that that was beautiful
because you actually allowed the truth
out for a minute and then there was like
then the control like you started with
the control it came out then a little
bit more
control like this is this is the game of
telling your truth. It doesn't happen in
front of a group of people talking about
addiction. It happens right
now and it's all of you. The truth isn't
the words you say. The truth is, are you
allowing yourself to feel it all in the
in the words you're
saying? So, what's your truth in this
moment? Allowing yourself to feel all of
it. Yeah. There. Yeah.
I feel um
like very uh like
sweaty, like hot. Yeah.
Yeah. That that's common. Just by the
way, that's common in your in your in
your where you are right now in this
conversation. That's a very common
thing. When this work starts happening,
there's a lot of heat comes out.
Yeah.
Do you mean by that that it's a phase
that No, it means like whenever you're
like confronting a part of yourself that
is looking to like slo off or get
healed, whatever the words are you want
to use. And in this kind of way, there's
a lot of heat that
happens when I'm working with people
one-on-one. I'll see them sweat. I'll
see them like it's part of the part of
the process.
Interesting. Yeah, I've experienced that
before. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so what's
your truth in this moment?
Every time I ask it's
getting here you are. No, no, you're not
the despondent teenager. You're this.
Um my my truth is gratitude. I'm really
grateful for
um this experience and other things that
I've that I've learned. Awesome. And so
the other thing that I'm learning here
in you is like when you're when you're
in the the when I say what's your truth
in this moment, something opens up. But
then when you start talking, there's
some sort of like control
self-consciousness that
occurs. What makes it different when
you're talking than when you're just
what's
What's your truth in this moment? What
makes it different when you start
talking?
I don't I don't know.
Let's let's let's do the experiment
again. It's it's it's changing just by
you being aware of it. So, what's your
truth right now in this moment?
Um, I'm
confused. I'm recognizing something
about the movement from
being embodied. Yeah. Using
nonverbal as aation to verbal that
there's some juncture. So, go non-verbal
for a minute and let the nonverbal talk.
I know that's weird to say, but like I'm
going to say, what's your truth right
now in this moment? And don't even think
that you have to say
anything.
So, what's your truth in this moment?
[Laughter]
so much power you are holding back. Holy
[__] You must have been just like this
willful, powerful little girl. Holy
[__] I can't imagine you. Did you play
some sort of
sport? No. I should have. Oh my god. You
should have. Oh my
[Music]
[Laughter]
god. You just did it, by the way. You
just spoke from that place. All you said
was, "I should have." But it was all
there.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's a lot of energy. It's a lot
of energy.
Yeah. It feels really good when you let
that that flow.
Mhm. And every time you don't, it is
self harm.
Yeah.
So that's the trick is that as you go
through the next like days, weeks, don't
worry about it in front of a camera.
Don't worry about it in a group. Worry
about it in the moment. The moment with
your mom or your dad or the moment with
me or your friend at the what is it to
speak your truth in this moment? So
you're not doing the self
harm and all it requires is the same
thing I'm doing which is just asking
like what's your truth in this moment?
Yeah. Something just clicked. Yeah.
What clicked?
The situations where I was
um telling my story and it being
uncomfortable. My truth was that I
didn't want to be telling my story.
Yeah, there you go.
There you go.
It's like, oh, I'm supposed to be
whatever vulnerable or whatever the
[__] Right.
Right.
Fascinating. What a [__] teaching.
Right. I don't want to be telling my
story right now. Yeah. And my story is
that I am listening to myself not and
I'm saying I don't want to tell the
story. And that is [__] actually the
story.
Holy [__]
Yeah.
Thank you. Pleasure.
[Laughter]